DSTU2 Scheduling Inconsistency Updates (#364)
cerner/fhir.cerner.com: content/millennium/dstu2/scheduling/appointment.md

The `ETag` response header indicates the current `If-Match` version to use on subsequent updates.

<%= disclaimer %>

> Because slots become unavailable as they are filled by appointments, this specific example will result in a 422 error. You will need to find an available slot, and change the slot reference in the request body to the available slot.

Author: fix: https://github.com/cerner/fhir.cerner.com/pull/364/commits/1ba16fe403692544611158def892c63d53243121#diff-c401dace1e37e7a58544e96232460562R207

The `ETag` response header indicates the current `If-Match` version to use on subsequent updates.

<%= disclaimer %>

> As appointments become unavailable, the appointment in this specific example may result in a 422 error. Try creating a new appointment off of an available slot and then updating its status if you wish to test it out.

Reviewer: Maybe something like

```suggestion
Scheduling examples are time-sensitive and could already be booked when attempted. Recreating this example will require a new appointment for an available slot, then updating its status.
```

Author: Fix: https://github.com/cerner/fhir.cerner.com/pull/364/commits/1ba16fe403692544611158def892c63d53243121#diff-c401dace1e37e7a58544e96232460562R278
